1.	Produce a problem statement. What is the problem you are solving? 
		Customers are receiving the company’s EX25 models late more than often because of an increase in the paint reject rate. In turn, this inhibits product delivery and is costly to the company’s reputation. The problem at hand is whether or not to rework/repaint the rejected bodies. Meanwhile, it is best to uncover and identify factors leading to the increased rate of paint rejects as a preventative measure.
2.	Identify possible causes. Based on the information provided, what might have caused this problem? 
		Possible causes are described to vary. A prior investigation in the past to the same problem suggests that the type of hand lotion that an employee uses could affect the paint adhesion negatively. More specifically, the silicon hand lotion could have possibly been a factor in the lack of adhesion. Meanwhile, the production process includes tasks from manufacturing, industrial engineering, and quality control. As such that allows the possibility of employees mishandling units.
3.	Evaluate possible causes. Which of your proposed causes best fits the known facts and relies on the fewest assumptions? Why? 
		Drawing information from the repeat problem last year, the supervisor has taken notice of employees more often, but yet has not seen any improper handling. As such the supervisor should explore other possibilities of causes because the assembly line, worker’s operations, and hand lotion prevention have yet to show significant factor. Rather, the supervisor can look towards other things such as technology or material use. In all, it could be a multitude of factors.
4. Confirm the true cause. How can the cause be observed in action? What can we do to verify any assumptions that have been made? How can we demonstrate the cause-effect relationship? When corrective action is taken, how will results be checked?
To confirm the true cause, the supervisors and mangers should experiment with the work habits of the employees. That is, they can change lotions provided and examine the change in the reject rates. Meanwhile, they can also correspond with the vendors to examine the material new and old. Lastly, they can keep track of the reject rate with respect to technology changes in machinery. More specifically, they can do this by checking the machines and utilities used at assembly line 1.
